# PracticalWork
Data Analytics project related to Supplier Relationship Management in supplier clustering based on quality characteristics obtained from Quality Control records
Company X is a manufacturing company which produce several products such as relay, switch, and industrial automation business. This company product mainly made from assembling several parts which mainly consist of parts produces by its supplier. To maintain its relationship with their supplier, Company X has put supplier performance target to be set 99.5% and it will be measured monthly. Currently there is still many suppliers which does not comply to the target and there is finding that actually the supplier performance database is yet to be optimally used. In order to help, Company X to achieve their target as well as helping their supplier to improve their quality K-Means Clustering algorithm will be implemented to help cluster their supplier better by utilizing the available data. Using Matlab and Phyton as Data Analytics Tools, the difference in conducting the data processing and also the result from implementing two different tools will also be evaluated. The result shows that the optimal number of clusters should be made is 3 with the arrangement of 87%, 8%, 5 % of the supplier will be put in the same cluster based on their similarities. By using Matlab there is limitation of the bigger the number of iterations the bigger the result and it will yield higher silhouette index score than using Phyton. By using Phyton the calculation can be conducted in shorter time and by default the calculation of the centroid will ensure the centroid is fully converged.
